# 06. PyTorch Going Modular

The main goal of section [06. PyTorch Going Modular](https://github.com/radiukpavlo/conducting-experiments/blob/main/01_notebooks/ce_06_pytorch_going_modular.md) is to: **turn useful notebook code cells into reusable Python scripts (`.py` files)**.

This directory contains all the necessary materials for doing so.

They break down as follows:
* `going_modular/` - directory of Python helper scripts for running PyTorch code (generated by `amp_05_pytorch_going_modular_script_mode.ipynb`).
* `models/` - trained PyTorch models that come as a result of running notebook 05. Going Modular Part 1 and Part 2.
* [`amp_06_pytorch_going_modular_cell_mode.ipynb`](https://github.com/radiukpavlo/conducting-experiments/blob/main/going_modular/ce_06_pytorch_going_modular_cell_mode.ipynb) - Part 1/2 notebooks for teaching the materials for section 05. This notebook takes the most useful code from notebook 04 and streamlines it.
* [`amp_06_pytorch_going_modular_script_mode.ipynb`](https://github.com/radiukpavlo/conducting-experiments/blob/main/going_modular/ce_06_pytorch_going_modular_script_mode.ipynb) - Part 2/2 notebooks for teaching the materials for section 05. This notebooks turns the most useful code cells from Part 1 into the Python scripts contained in `going_modular/`.

For this section, we're going to see how the Part 1 notebook (cell mode) turns into the Part 2 notebook (script mode).

Doing this will result in us having a directory with the same structure as the `going_modular/` directory above.

# Going Modular Scripts

The Python scripts in this directory were generated using the notebook [06. Going Modular Part 2 (script mode)](https://github.com/radiukpavlo/conducting-experiments/blob/main/going_modular/ce_06_pytorch_going_modular_script_mode.ipynb).

They break down as follows: 
* `data_setup.py` - a file to prepare and download data if needed.
* `engine.py` - a file containing various training functions.
* `model_builder.py` - a file to create a PyTorch TinyVGG model.
* `train.py` - a file to leverage all other files and train a target PyTorch model.
* `utils.py` - a file dedicated to helpful utility functions.
* **Extra:** `predictions.py` - a file for making predictions with a trained PyTorch model and input image.

For an explanation of how this was done, refer to section [05. PyTorch Going Modular](https://github.com/radiukpavlo/conducting-experiments/tree/main/going_modular).